Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this problem is of one of the easiest problems you will ever see and it is called Minimum
Steps to reach one.
This will this problem will enhance your thinking about why you applied BP and why not to apply greedy
agreed.
So this is basically it tells you the very thin line between you and people dips what should be preferred
because it will give the exact answer as a greedy can have many cases.
I've already told you that if there are many cases like performing one step, then there are many options.
Then again performing one step, then there are many options.
That is not generally a greedy problem rate.
That is generally a dynamic programming problem.
So you have to think offered by one step at a time.
You have everything.
Think of just one transition, not one.
And then one eight.
So let me start with this problem.
And it's very easy.
It says that you are given a blistering deterrent and you have to reduce it to one by performing the
following steps.
But what I can do is I can reduce it to and minus one, which is the first step.
I can divide it by two and then divide.
If it is divisible by two, then I'm going divided by two divided by three.
Then I then again divided by eight.
Always up.
Just think about this and some of you might be wondering.
It is very easy, greedy problem because we can easily see that I have to go as close as to win as possible.
Right?
So why not?
Let's apply the greedy approach that if it is divisible by three divided by three, otherwise let's
divided by two.
Because if I divided by three it is very close to one.
Look more closer to one, then are divided by two.
If 50,000 are divided by two, then let's subtract one from the last option.
What if you applied this approach?
Like if it is possible, do this are ways to to if it is possible otherwise do one right.
But let's see.
Where will it fail?
Well, firstly, I would strongly suggest you deposit and try to find such cases, but of course will
discuss.
Let's think about a very simple question.
Well, in ten, if I apply the first step that if if it is deposited better identified with three,
it is not divisible by three.
That means I cannot do it by three.
There are only two options left, and then I'll move it to five, which is divided by two.
I didn't bother to name.
Now tell me what if.
Okay, so right now I'm not going on the nine, but just for the sake of greedy, I'm being greedy here.
So if this is not applicable, I apply this right now.
Again, let's four, 5 minutes again, try the same thing.
This is not applicable for fight.
This is also not applicable for fight.
Let's plan minus one.
Full now for not applicable.
Applicable.
And then.
But always.
So how many?
How much did it take?
It took one plus one plus one plus one.
One, two, three, four, four steps.
They have to perform these steps four times in which and convert it to one.
It is.
Is it the best but naught eight.
Why?
Because instead of dividing ten by.
Two.
What I could have done is I could have reduce it to nine and then nine could have directly given me
three and then trigger regularly me giving me one.
So you can see there were four steps involved, but right now you can easily see that there is only
three steps in it.
So creative won't work here if it is the way to do it, but we know that it will not work.
What happens in that in programming?
What we do is we try all the possibilities and choose the best when it is not even programming great.
So it's you can also take on other examples.
I would suggest to you an example of wrongdoing, right?
The example of 21 and 33.
These are some good examples, but I hope you understood the problem in vivo integrity work here.
So how to approach it using dynamic programming?
Very simple.
We just have to worry about ourself and just ask the others that you tell me your best.
I won't do it.
And that will be my best.
Right.
But basically what it means is that effen is equal to nothing but.
If it is resolved.
Two I will.
Okay.
If it is diesel rotary assembly c, f and military.
Give me your best answer.
What is f?
F is telling the minimum steps to one h.
So when it reaches one, it gives me zero.
Well.
Otherwise this isn't three.
Otherwise I'll say okay, not otherwise.
I will also ask and do it.
Okay.
You'll give me your best answer.
I won't do it that again.
I perform one step from going from end to end by to and by to give me this answer wherever it returns
me.
And I won't do it.
And what is the third?
One third.
When it's nothing but f over and minus one contains everything.
Minus one can be the best.
But as we have seen in the case of ten eight, either displacement or whatever is written from all these
three, I take the minimum and it and plus one.
Very direct.
But to let me just analyze it, it says it is equal to a minimum of F and by three, if it is raised
by three plus F and by two, if it is neutral by two.
Not plus.
Eight RF and minus one if nothing.
And finally, plus one because I performed a step here.
Well, this I hope this is very clear.
And this is a very simple problem.
We all can easily solve it.
We all can easily see how it's working.
And if you want me to call it, I can also call it and I can go to you within a minute as well.
Let's start it real quick.
They?
And I hope you can apply the memorization.
It's what I do.
If.
Well.
Instead of it.
I generally prefer it's a.
And B it will dig in.
And what will this do?
Nothing.
It will just see.
Um, well let's say to it's said to be let's say minus.
But it has three parts.
Who or what is true here?
Two is nothing but.
I have to apply those checks has been made so far into.
It's the answer is in the mix.
Initially, let's let's take it as a very big value and we simply say there noncitizen an adequate minimum
upon said Obama if it is reasonable to convert.
Right.
So let me just write the case here.
There are so many cases.
And here we come.
And we're.
Well.
Similarly welcome foreign.
But we.
If it is a diesel battery, just go for and battery and give me the answer.
Well, foreign word to give me the answer.
And of course.
The last one, which is nothing but.
Fourth and minus.
When I return, the answer and what will be on base case whenever I reach one.
If end is one then simply written zero.
We we've already released one and we can easily apply memorization gates when we do applied it, we
apply.
Eagle Getty.
It's a memo in.
And if a more and not equal to minus one point.
Okay.
So let me tell you a very good new way of memorization and it's very interesting thought you can do
is you can call memo in.
With a variable name called Answer.
Basically what you're doing is answer is nothing but memoir, and only it is actually pointing to the
address of memoir.
And so if it is pointing to the address of my win, if anything changes in the answer will change in
the memoir in because it is directly changing in the.
Address offered eight.
It's not a variable and it's not copying something.
It's copying the whole address.
And if you're describing the address, whatever changes in answer will also change in memory.
So what else is answered?
It goes to remember when initially, if answer is not equal to minus, when you're done, answer don't
get confused.
I'm just telling you a new way because I knew it and I thought, I'll share.
It's fine if you go as the old way as well, but you can also learn this in this.
Now we don't have to write memo when it goes to answer read by because.
Onset is nothing but memoir in nature.
Instead of writing my when again and again.
What I've done is.
I've just taken another variable.
Basically, it's a nickname for my moon rate and I'm using their nickname and it's doing the work.
Well, this is one of the easiest ways in which you can add memory and you don't have to worry about
saving your data.
I hope this is very clear.
And in the next part then.
Okay.
Did I miss something?
Okay, I missed this.
And there's one more thing that I missed.
I did not initialize this member minus one.
Um.
Okay.
Another things that I missed, which is.
Yeah.
I thought I just finished in a hurry, but.
No.
Because penalties are far too many things.
But when I.
Myself I am sitting in the I don't take big variables my take just small variables but sometimes if
said it.
Right.
So if it is not this, the right word will take its vintage, initialize it to intermix, will make
it very huge and then we can find the answer.
So if we didn't do, if we go to one, it will admit zero.
Otherwise, whatever minimum I'm getting from all three, it will tell me that.
And simply what I'll do is I'll add one to it.
On the plus equals two, right?
Eight.
It's a we got three from ten.
I hope this is very clear.
I know there are some things that I missed and just about going this because of going in a little hurry.
It's a debate case.
This is important, guys.
You need to make it to a very big venue because we are taking some minimum.
You say you're taking minimum of already be entitled to a very big value and whatever is the minimum
will come here.
And finally, don't forget to rate plus one because this is our transition happening and we have to
take the transition in account and the answer and.
Well, thanks.